Components: enhancements to TypeScript migration guidelines (#41669)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/CONTRIBUTING.md

	2. Extract props to `types.ts`, and use them to type components. The README can be of help when determining a prop’s type.
	3. Use existing HTML types when possible? (e.g. `required` for an input field?)
	4. Use the `CSSProperties` type where it makes sense.
	5. Extend existing components’ props if possible, especially when a component internally forwards its props to another component in the package.
	6. If the component forwards its `...restProps` to an underlying element/component, you should use the `WordPressComponentProps` type for the component's props:

		```jsx
		import type { WordPressComponentProps } from '../ui/context';
		import type { ComponentOwnProps } from './types';

		function UnconnectedMyComponent(
			// The resulting type will include:
			// - all props defined in `ComponentOwnProps`
			// - all HTML props/attributes from the component specified as the second
			//   parameter (`div` in this example)
			// - the special `as` prop (which marks the component as polymorphic),
			//   unless the third parameter is `false`
			props:  WordPressComponentProps< ComponentOwnProps, 'div', true >
		) { /* ... */ }
		```

> 	7. If the component doesn't forwards its ref yet, wrap the component in a `forwardRed` call. Alternatively, if you want to take advantage of the [Context system](#context-system), you can use the `contextConnect` utility function (which also takes care of adding ref forwarding)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	7. If the component doesn't forward its ref yet, wrap the component in a `forwardRef` call. Alternatively, if you want to take advantage of the [Context system](#context-system), you can use the `contextConnect` utility function (which also takes care of adding ref forwarding)
```

Author: Thank you for spotting these typos!

		2. Resume work on this component once all dependencies have been refactored.
	2. Alternatively:
		1. For each of those files, add `// @ts-nocheck` at the start of the file.
		2. If the components in the ignored files are destructuring props directly from the function's arguments, move the props destructuring to the function's body (this is to avoid TypeScript errors from trying to infer the props type):

			```jsx
			// Before:
			function MyComponent( { myProp1, myProp2, ...restProps } ) { /* ... */ }

			// After:
			function MyComponent( props ) {

> 				const {  myProp1, myProp2, ...restProps } = props;

Reviewer: Good clarification with the example 👍

				/* ... */
			}
			```

> 		3. Add the folders to the `tsconfig.json` file.

Author: Points 3, 4 and 5 here are unchanged apart from their index, that shiftet by 1 after adding a new point (now no. 2)

	4. Use existing HTML types when possible? (e.g. `required` for an input field?)
	5. Use the `CSSProperties` type where it makes sense.
	6. Extend existing components’ props if possible, especially when a component internally forwards its props to another component in the package.
	7. If the component forwards its `...restProps` to an underlying element, you should use the `WordPressComponentProps` type for the component's props:

		```jsx
		import type { WordPressComponentProps } from '../ui/context';
		import type { ComponentOwnProps } from './types';

		function UnconnectedMyComponent(

> 			// The resulting type will include:

Reviewer: Should we add the stuff about the `ref`?

Author: Pushed some changes in https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/41669/commits/cb34385e89d3ff7885c2ef9fb30570a1f0cb8bb5, let me know what you think!

Main changes:

- moved down the point re. making sure that there's a name export
- added a new point re. ref forwarding (either via `forwardRef` or via `contextConnect`)
- updated index of remaining points as needed
